---
layout: default
header: Devsprints
title: Devsprints
bloglike: true
---

  * **Venue**: IITM Research Park
  
  * **Date**: 14th & 15th Oct, 2019

PyCon India is a place for developers from across the country (and
beyond) to get together and celebrate Python. But what good is a PyCon
without getting your hands dirty writing some code? Hence, for all
Open Source enthusiasts out there, the PyCon India team is happy to
announce Devsprints @ PyCon India 2019.

Devsprints happen during the third and fourth day (14th and 15th
October). During Devsprints, mentors/contributors of OSS projects
guide participants through the end-to-end process of OSS contribution,
right from setting up build environments, to developing and testing
code, to submitting patches for bugs. If you are stuck, mentors are
all available to help you figure out issues and get you back up and
running! From past experiences, weâ€™ve seen a lot of people start off
contributing to OSS through Devsprints and later go on to become
regular contributors to various projects across the web.

If you are a contributor or have been involved in maintenance of any
Open source project, please come forward and add a project. This
project can be any interesting Open source project which is based on
Python. Ideally, you should have a history with the project through
previous code commits. Your responsibility will be to help your team
set up their development environment, list out beginner friendly bugs,
and guide them on any problems they face during the event.

**Any maintainer is welcome to add a project. There will be no
shortlisting of projects. We are using the CFP platform to make it
easier to manage and keep the projects at one place.**

Submit your proposal at
[https://in.pycon.org/cfp/devsprint-2019/proposals/](https://in.pycon.org/cfp/devsprint-2019/proposals/)

